Nathaniel Nsm (00:16.45)
Hi everyone, this is Jason Zach from Nathaniel School of Music introducing you to our piano programs at the intermediate and you could say advanced levels. Now to see where you fit in to either of these systems, first of all, you don't have to worry much about time zones. We've got you covered with different flexible slots that happen weekday, early mornings or evening times after office hours as well as

weekends, Saturdays and Sundays and also you can choose slots that work for you. And the way we look at piano learning at an intermediate or advanced level is we look at the bigger picture. We want you to improve as a musician, grow as a musician first and the piano kind of becomes a byproduct. So to grow as a musician, the important focal points would need to be music theory, ear training, transcription,

rhythm and notation. So music theory would basically allow you to connect the dots, understand scales, modes, chords, intervals, why you should even use them. Rhythm would get you to learn music from a bottom-up perspective which focuses on your timing first and gets everything to come on top of that great solid foundation. Then we look at harmony which is chords and voicing and counterpoint.

and all other principles that use intervals as well. And when we teach you this, we'll also not just... And when we teach you this, you're not just going to memorize, okay, this is the sixth note of that scale and in the key of Bb major, the sixth is G. No, you have to know it by ear. So the sixth note of the Bb major scale is G and it's the major six. And when you take it...

up it becomes a major seven. When you take it down it becomes a fifth. When you take it not so down just one tiny step down it becomes a minor six. So we teach you how to hear this and also hear it in actual songs which could be your own your favorites itself. You bring your songs to the class we transcribe it together and we have different classrooms that can help you

Nathaniel Nsm (02:40.246)
get better on the instrument. can do... And we have different classrooms that can get... And we have different classrooms that can help you get better as a musician and also become a better piano player. First off, we have modular piano learning. That would be a three to a four lesson structure where we plan. This is exactly what we are going to do.

In those two classes or four classes, we are going to learn singing and playing, singing accompaniment. In the next four classes, we are going to work on chord inversions. In the next two classes, we are going to learn something about gospel music. And in some cases, we make it a bit fun and seasonal, where if you're nearing Christmas or if you're in December, obviously we are going to learn some Christmas carols. So you'll have...

a lot of things to motivate you in terms of songs, terms of techniques and definitely homework. You'll have to do homework and assignments every week. Send it to me. I will listen to it and give you my feedback and even grade you. It's a graded certificate course. So it's a serious course. It's it's we don't know what hobby music really is. This is a course for people who want to become musicians. OK, at whatever age group.

We don't have a cap on age group as such. Alongside the modular piano, you also have exercises which we fit into music gym, that's our classroom. You have 3D exercises to work on your ears, your technique and your theory. You'll also have theory lessons, dedicated theory lessons to also focus on notation, ear training and also rhythm. Rhythm theory is also a theory, by the way, which is not covered in

a lot of things out there. And I guess our most popular class and the one I enjoy the most is a transcription class called Music Factory where we set a goal. If we want to play a song, we will have to hear the song. Then we have to write down every aspect of the song that we want to play. The notation, the why those chords are even there. Why did the composer go from this chord to the next chord?

Nathaniel Nsm (04:56.77)
What is that rhythm pattern? How is the rhythm phrase structure developed? Once we understand the entirety of the song, we then try and play it if we want to. Otherwise, we've just enjoyed and had a lot of fun transcribing a great piece of music. So that's called Music Factory. So I hope to see you in the class soon. You can package this into any system that suits your convenience. You can do...

32 hours, can do 40 hours, can do 50 hours and 65 hours. We've kept the payment process simple. We just bill you by number of hours in a six month semester. And if you cannot attend some of the classes due to your hectic or chaotic schedules, don't worry. We each lesson will be recorded in HD, almost the same quality as our YouTube lessons itself. Not the same quality, almost. So you can get yourself a copy and

Also use it as a revision of sorts. You can attend the live and watch the recording. And my handwritten notes are given, notation is given, supplementary resources, practice tracks, it's all given lesson on lesson over lesson. It's all given over each lesson. I look forward to having you soon in... So I look forward to having you join my class soon and catch you... So I look forward to seeing you soon in one of our classrooms.

Cheers.

